---
layout: post
tags: [about]
---
Hey, welcome to my blog. For the last 4 years I have had the opportunity to work alongside some of the best security companies and provide the essential tooling that their teams need to confidently triage and investigate alerts.

## Background

I spent 4 years learning about technology in my high school’s IT Academy, exposing me to cybersecurity, Cisco technologies, and Python programming. My passion for programming accelerated when I enrolled at UAB for computer science. I picked up a membership for the Association for Computing Machinery and became a tutor for our chapter in 2017 and 2018, providing guidance to freshmen who were new to coding. I then landed a role as a programmer at UAB’s cybersecurity lab, set to begin work on Python programs to help investigators. Due to a hiring misalignment, they had onboarded too many programmers and had to cut my offer before I started.

When my stint as a tutor was over, I wanted to see what else I could do to help students overcome challenges they faced in the classroom. I became a teaching assistant for Computer Architecture, explaining assembly programming to students, walking them through setting up development environments on Linux, and reviewing their code to ensure it is memory safe and archives the goals. One of the highlights was when a student proudly showed me how he wrote a routine in assembly to do his binary math homework assignment for him.

I then switched degree tracks to focus on Digital Forensics because it provided a new challenge for me and a way to apply my skills to an area in dire need of programmers. I secured an internship with the National White Collar Crime Center where I scripted tools to demonstrate how investigators could triage computers. I also wrote reports on how to do analysis of job applications like Glassdoor, along with a tool to parse its iOS database.


## Professional Work

When I graduated college, I reached out to the folks at Cofense to inquire about open positions. I expressed my passion for building tools and showed them a URL parser I wrote in a graduate course to determine what software was running on a compromised website so that phishing trends could be determined. They brought me on as a Threat Analyst where I maintained a suite of Tamper Monkey extensions to empower analysts, writing additional Python and Bash scripts to automate analysis of suspect files. 

Starting in 2022 I joined Malwarebytes to create a managed service delivered through a new security platform. Leading the design of platform tools has been an enriching experience as I picked up skills working with RESTful API’s and building internal web applications to improve analysts' daily lives. In January of 2023 we rolled out a second managed service, elevating me to a quasi-platform engineer role where I had to balance our platform resources against customer demand. In November 2023, we launched the ThreatDown brand for businesses and a month later we made my role official as owning SOAR platform features.

## Game Development

Coming soon.




